

Day5g:
She agrees then gets up and makes her way to the bathroom. 
Just as you hear the shower running, you begin to seriously contemplate what needs to happen next.

The more you sit and stare out of the window, the more you realize you won't be able to remain in your apartment for long.
You turn on the T.V. once more to find any updates on the current situation. The once lively news cast is now replaced by a public emergency broadcast recording.

You try a few other channels before realizing that a large majority of stations are running the same broadcast.
A wave of panic washes over you, as you realize that in an hour, local T.V. has been disrupted by the sudden outbreak.

The young woman approaches wearing one of your shirts and some sweat shorts. Her hair is still damp and the mismatched socks she's wearing are a farcry from the stillettos she was wearing moments prior. She leans over the couch peering over your shoulder, in disbeleif as she watches you cycle through channels unsuccessfully. 

"Feeling any better?" You ask.

"Y-yeah." she replies, in a raspy voice, hoarse from screaming.

You decide now is a good time as any to check her for bites. Better than finding out the wrong way.

You ask her to politely lift the shirt, and with little reluctancy, she complies. 

"Well, you did just save my life..." she remarks.

You ask her for her name.
"Alex, Alex Whitter" She replies, as if her name bears some weight.


You notice some scrapes and scratches, but nothing resembling bite marks. 
She lets out a sigh of frustration, but remains patient, as you both scan her body for any bites or infections.

She appears to be clear of infections. 

"I got most of these from hopping the gate out front to get back onto the property. Those things were everywhere!" she shudders at the thought of the creatures chasing her.

"I'm glad you made it to safety. I'm not going to lie to you, we can't stay here long. We'll just be sitting ducks. I'll check the radio for any evacuation instructions. I've made some coffee for you, as well. Try your best to relax for now."

She mouths the words "Thank you" then proceeds to the tiny kitchen to pour herself a large cup.

You sit beside her after turning on the radio.

A voice breaks through with instructions:

"To any able-bodied citizens out there, we have a safe haven just outside of the city. We're in the boatyard for now. Please hurry, as we may not be able to hold our position for much longer. We estimate departure in about 20 hours."

You take notes in a small steno notepad as the voice gives coordinates to the ship's location.

With that, you decide that it's time to pack what you can and make your way to a safer place.
You rummage through your closet and find your outdoor gear. You immediately change into your hiking boots, jeans and a thermal sweater. You grab your cellphone, baseball bat and your backpack and head to the bathroom for your First Aid Kit.

You head to the kitchen and grab a few cans of soup, ramen noodles, and a flashlight.
You head to your room and retrieve a black metal box from underneath your bed.

You open the box to reveal a box of cigarettes, a habit you quit last year, a small handgun, and $200.00.

Satisfied with the contents, you tuck the handgun in the small of your back.
You close the box and lock it before placing it in your backpack.