Day5n:
She looks at you, as if half-dazed by your question. 
"I-I don't know," she replies shakily.
"One minute, I was waiting for a cab when I saw someone limping toward me. I thought nothing of it at first until the cab pulled up, honking. Before I knew it, whoever was coming towards me was suddenly rushing the driver with more of those things!" she put her face in her hands, and began sobbing. 

You try to comfort her, but you can pretty much tell that she's way too distraught to explain herself calmly. 
You place your hand on her shoulder and begin to speak, until you hear a low, growl coming from her.
Just as she bites at your hand, you instinctively jump back, avoiding any damage.

You run toward your room, thinking you can block her until you find a decent weapon.
The snarls and growls intensify as the change becomes more and more evident. She claws and scratches at the door. You bar the door with a chair and begin surveying the room for a weapon. You recall the baseball bat in the corner of your room.

Knowing the chair won't hold for long, you grip the bat firmly and ready yourself for when she breaks in.
Not even a split-second later, the door crashes open, and the chair is overturned. 
She looks up at you with expressionless pale eyes, sunken into her skull, her skin covered in brown and green lesions. 

She lets out one more growl.

**WHAM!** The blow from the shabby old bat connects with her head. You hear the bat crack, and realize there aren't many swings left. She staggers backward, stunned for a brief moment. You lay into her with the cracked bat once more. The force of the blow snaps the bat in half and sends her crashing backward and to the floor, as brain matter sprays the wall. 

You catch your breath, and try to assess your next move. 
By now, more of them will be coming this way after the noise.

With that, you decide that it's time to pack what you can and make your way to a safer place.
You rummage through your closet and find your outdoor gear. You immediately change into your hiking boots, jeans and a thermal sweater. You grab your cellphone, your backpack, and head to the bathroom for your First Aid Kit.

You head to the kitchen and grab a few cans of soup, ramen noodles, and a flashlight.
With your baseball bat out of commission, you consider the few options you have left for arming yourself. 

You dart back to your room, vaulting over the corpse, and retrieve a black metal box from underneath your bed.

You open the box to reveal a box of cigarettes, a habit you quit last year, a small handgun, and $200.00.
You remove the handgun and tuck it in the small of your back. You place the box in your backpack.
Satisfied with your gear, you turn on the radio and maintain a low volume to assess the situation.

A voice breaks through with instructions:

"To any able-bodied citizens out there, we have a safe haven just outside of the city. We're in the boatyard for now. Please hurry, as we may not be able to hold our position for much longer. We estimate departure in about 20 hours."

You take notes in a small steno notepad as the voice gives coordinates to the ship's location.


