Day5b:

You silently contemplate the possibility of being eaten by a stranger you just helped moments ago. 
The image of your own sloppy demise flashing in your head is almost enough to make you kill her preemptively.

You shake the feeling off and turn on the radio and maintain a low volume to assess the situation.
She sits silently, listening to the radio.

You tell her to wait in the living room while you start packing some things.

"W-where are we going?" She asks, in a shaky tone.

"We've gotta get out of here. Those things are already in the complex, so it's only a matter of time..." you reply.

She looks toward the radio, silent again.

With that, you decide that it's time to pack what you can and make your way to a safer place.
You rummage through your closet and find your outdoor gear. You immediately change into your hiking boots, jeans and a thermal sweater. You grab your cellphone and your backpack and head to the bathroom for your First Aid Kit.

You head to the kitchen and grab a few cans of soup, ramen noodles, and a flashlight.

You dart back to your room and retrieve a black metal box from underneath your bed.

She calls for you and you rush into the living room, just in time.

A voice breaks through with instructions:

"To any able-bodied citizens out there, we have a safe haven just outside of the city. We're in the boatyard for now. Please hurry, as we may not be able to hold our position for much longer. We estimate departure in about 20 hours."

You take notes in a small steno notepad as the voice gives coordinates to the ship's location.

As you finish taking notes, you look toward the young lady who now appears to be staring off into space.

She begins convulsing violently and collapses.

As you go to check her vitals, she latches onto your neck and bites down with such force that you begin to gush blood immediately. Before you can wrestle yourself free, she bites at your throat once more. 

You feel the warmth of your own blood as you slip out of consciousness.